rebroadcastr
================

<!-- WARNING: THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! -->

## rebroadcastr

### what is the point?

- this package is a learning tool for me and hopefully others
- this package explores the idea of setting up a client for the sole
  purpose of rebroadcasting user data across additional nostr relays.
  While this is a relatively simple concept I haven’t seen much
  discussion around the potential benefits and implications

### how can this be a learning tool

This library uses the [nbdev](https://nbdev.fast.ai/) framework to
aggregate some useful tools from
[python-nostr](https://github.com/jeffthibault/python-nostr) into a more
structured `cleint` class that could serve as the basis for other python
tools. `nbdev` is great because it allows for relatively easy
development of robust software with very readable and explanatory
documentation. It will almost certainly not be the most perfomant way to
implement much of what I am doing here, but I hope it can make the
[nostr](https://github.com/nostr-protocol/nostr) protocol more
accessible to a wider audience.

### what is rebroadcasting?

As specified by
[NIP-01](https://github.com/nostr-protocol/nips/blob/master/01.md) a
nostr event sent to a relay consists of a message in the format
`["EVENT", <event JSON>]` where the `event JSON` is a nostr event with a
valid signature based upon the event content (public key, time stamp,
content, tags, etc). The message sent to the relay doesn’t make any
requirement about who sends a message or when (though some relays do not
except events older than a certain threshold). This means that anyone
can set up a client that reads events from one relay and publishes those
events back to another relay - I will refer to this as
**rebroadcasting**.

### motivation for rebroadcasting

Below are a few basic reasons why a user might want to establish a
rebroadcasting relay - clients used by the user are not consistently
reading and writing to all relays - user wants to increase the relay
overlap of his followed content even if a followed contact is not
broadcasting to many similar relays - user is creating events from a
device that has low-bandwidth and can only publish to a smaller set of
relays - (if/when pay per relay broadcast is implemented) the user may
want to publish right away to a small subset of relays and broadcast to
additional relays when demand is low \> *Note:* because rebroadcasting
is not limited to a users own data there may be some ethical questions
about the extent to which some find rebroadcasting acceptable. While I
see some challenges that rebroadcasting could pose, the fact that it can
happen is a reality of the specifications of the `nostr` protocol and
the current client/relay landscape. These topics need to be explored to
find the positive benefits and also to explore any potential downsides
caused by rebroadcasting.

### potential negative implications of rebroadcasting

rebroadcasting could have significant impacts on relay usage - because a
rebroadcasting client does not have to remain fast and snappy like a
client with a user interface it can broadcast more user data across more
relays. Since anyone can broadcast data from any public key to any relay
this could result in significantly more data duplication that harms less
popular nodes.

## Install

``` sh
pip install rebroadcastr
```

## How to use (TO-DO)

Fill me in please! Don’t forget code examples:

``` python
1+1
```

    2
